He's gone.
You just destroyed my life.
Dwight is totally outta control.
Enough already. Take him out.
Him and his fucking daughter.
His fucking daughter?
If you were half the man he was.
this would've never happened.
All right. I'll go park.
I'll be up in a minute.
A lot of people are
gonna get hurt. Goodie.
- So. how do we cool this down?
- Get on the next flight out here.
What happened with
this Italian guy?
Territorial shit. They
tried to muscle in.
- Macadams fought back.
- We should alert the FBI.
Talk to your
boyfriend. Carson Pike.
and get Waltrip to
back the fuck off.
Your boy Dwight. he
interested in sitting down
with Waltrip if I
could arrange it?
If you. sir. had come
to me like a gentleman.
asked my permission.
No. This land belongs
to you... and me.
No one said I was a diplomat.
He's done.
What do you think?
That good enough?
Work of art.
All right. Let's
get 'er in there.
Better get his jacket first.
So. was this a one-off?
Or one of many?
Too soon to tell.
Ready? Ciao.
Bloodwork looks terrific.
How's the pain?
Getting better?
It still hurts to
swallow a little bit.
Well. that'll get
better as time passes.
No more cigars. though. right?
And no screaming. Try
to rest your voice.
These are the kind of
calls I like to make.
Nothing but good news.
You take care of
yourself. Mr. Invernizzi.
You do that. then no reason
why you shouldn't
live another 15 years.
You hear that. Pop?
That's great.
- Hello?
- Where have you been?
I've been calling for hours.
- What's the matter?
- Emory was mugged.
- What? When?
- Last night.
They beat the shit out of him.
We're in the hospital.
You know. the last two years
the whole goddamn
city's going to hell.
- Is that Joanna? Is she with you?
- Yeah.
All right. that's
good. that's good.
Now. I want you to tell
me exactly what happened.
He dropped me and the boys
off in front of the building.
And then he went
to go park his car.
Way back. some guy attacked him.
Okay. was it one guy.
or more than one?
Oh. he doesn't know.
Walking down the
street's the last thing
- he remembered.
- Did they take his...
did they take his wallet?
- Did they rob him?
- No.
What'd the doctor say?
A concussion. fractured ulnar.
bruised ribs. a few abrasions.
Listen...
I want you and Emory
and the kids to
come to Oklahoma.
Wait. to Oklahoma?
- Because of this?
- Just as a precaution. Tina.
- Is there something you're not telling me?
- No. no. of course not.
Then no. Our life's here.
Look. I don't like this. Tina.
- It could be a warning.
- Yeah. well.
I'm not really
having a ball myself.
but unless you give me
specific information
that you want to share.
I'm just going to
chalk this down
to some horrible coincidence.
I don't like coincidences.
I'll call you if
there's anything else.
All right. Yeah. Just...
Just call anytime.
Can you just keep
your phone on. please?
Hey.
Should I wrap
something up in it?
Like a dead fish? Pike?
Northern? Flounder?
No. the... the jacket's enough.
The next train to
arrive on platform two
would be the 18...
- Art Deco.
- Art... Art who?
Art Deco. this building.
It's an architectural style.
My wife. Clara. she knows
all about this shit.
- She took design classes.
- Oh. that's... that's cool.
You think so? Fucking
waste of money.
She works at Walmart now.
- You Tyson?
- Goodie?
- What the fuck are you doing here?
- Relax. I live here.
Y'all good? Is everything...
It's fine. Old acquaintances.
I work with Dwight now.
Okay.
- I got to pat you down.
- What?
- I gotta search you.
- Nah. I don't think so.
One of the reasons
I take the train
is to avoid shit like this.
- You got a gun?
- What do you think?
I'm going to sit
behind you in the car.
so don't do anything stupid.
How long is the ride?
It's about an hour and
a half. give or take.
Can I smoke?
Yeah. for sure. just
roll your window down.
- That's a nice ring.
- Thanks.
- What'd that set you back?
- Like a thousand bucks.
Hmm. That's a pretty penny.
So. seriously. what the
fuck are you doing out here?
I was serious
before. I live here.
Since '98. when I left New York.
When you ran like mascara?
Yeah. what'd you get
for staying. huh?
What'd I get?
I got my button.
And that makes me
the fucking augur
of the living and the dead.
You've reached Pike.
Leave me a message.
Voicemail.
The fuck is he?
Where's Pike?
He never came home.
This was outside.
Open it.
The fuck?
- Oh...
- Pike's cut.
- Fucking bullet holes.
- Oh. no!
- Oh. Jesus. no!
- Get her out of here.
- No. please. no!
- Get her out!
No! No. please. no!
Holy shit.
I mean. can they
just. like. do this?
I don't know if they
can. but they did.
You guys clean up out here.
I got to go clean up my office.
Hey. what's up?
He's dead. They
fucking killed him.
Hold on a second. Excuse me.
What are you talking
about? Who's dead?
They murdered him.
he never came home.
Who? Roxy. I can't
unders... Roxy. Who?
Carson.
He went out last night
to send a message or something.
Shoot out a few windows.
Fuck. Where did he go?
Some cowboy bar where
the mob guy hangs out.
And this morning.
his jacket...
covered in blood and full
of fuckin' bullet holes.
They killed him.
All right. Roxy. I need
you to listen to me. okay?
It is very important that
you stay calm right now.
I'm going to text
you an address.
and I want you to
meet me there at 4:30.
- Okay?
- Yeah.
And in the meantime.
stay away from Waltrip
and all those guys.
Understand?
Okay.
I will see you there.
There he is. The General.
You tell that
wig-wearing motherfucker.
he comes around
my daughter again.
I will chop his
fucking head off.
Whoa. what happened? What
are you talking about?
My daughter's
husband. last night.
Someone beat the
shit out of him.
I don't know
anything about that.
- You think it's him?
- Chickie? Why?
- Why would he do that?
- Or that punk. Vince?
Pete would fucking kill
them. They know it. too.
He stood up for you. by the way.
after that thing with Nico.
- Who did?
- Pete.
What about that thing with Nico?
Dwight. the guy was
a piece of shit.
- Did you know?
- About him and Tina?
Of course not.
Come on. you've known
me since I'm a baby.
On my mother's eyes. Dwight.
I would have clipped him myself.
Nobody knew. I'm telling you.
All right. let's get
something to drink.
I gotta say. I was
a little surprised
- at who picked me up.
- The kid?
- Armand.
- Oh. no.
Listen. Armand. he's okay.
He's out here by coincidence.
Don't read anything
into that at all.
- Fair enough.
- Drink for you?
Vodka. rocks. lime.
So. this your joint?
Well. me and my partner here.
Not bad.
Not bad at all.
I'll tell you. let me help.
I'll turn this place into the
second coming of the Flamingo.
You believe the
balls on this guy?
He's not here five minutes
and already has
designs on our place.
I'm sorry. Am I overstepping?
You overstepped when you
come over the threshold.
- you punk.
- Didn't you invite me here?
I'm breaking your balls.
To some things never changing.
You're okay.
Come on. you're okay.
You're okay. come on.
You're gonna be okay. all right?
I need you to pull
yourself together for me.
Can you do that?
Do you think there's any hope?
- Hope for what?
- Carson.
That he's not dead and maybe
they have him somewhere.
like. they're holding him or.
like. some kind of
bargaining chip.
I don't think that's likely.
But maybe. You
know. who knows?
Stranger things have happened.
Let's keep a good thought. okay?
And in the meantime.
we still have work to do. okay?
What?
Roxy. whatever happened
to Carson. I can...
Okay. I can lay this squarely
at Caolan Waltrip's
feet. all right?
- I just need you to help me.
- I can't go back there.
I know. I know it's hard.
But you gotta do
it one more time.
- Okay? Just get me something.
- Like what?
Anything. Anything at all.
Record a conversation.
take pictures.
Just something incriminating.
He has a laptop.
Waltrip. I saw it.
And what's on it?
I don't know. he was
looking at some numbers.
Banking stuff or something.
- Can you get it for me?
- I don't know.
Well. I need you to try.
okay? You have to try.
I want to be done
with this shit.
We have an agreement. Roxy.
to keep you out of jail
and you gotta keep up
your end of the bargain.
How did my life
get so fucked up?
Hey. this is the
last time. okay?
Don't do it for me.
Do it for yourself.
For Carson.
He deserves to have
that fucker put away.
All right. I'll see you
tomorrow morning at the diner.
10:00 a.m. Do not
be late. okay?
- Yeah?
- Pete. it's me.
It's him. Hang on.
Hey. it's me.
You're on speaker.
The doctor wants him to
rest his vocal cords.
- Okay.
- How's it going?
- How's Tulsa?
- Listen. did you fuck up Dwight's son in law?
- What?
- Tina's husband. someone tuned him up.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
All right. forget it.
So. what do you got?
You got any intel?
Well. this. you're
not going to believe.
- Fucking Armand is out here.
- What?
Picked me up at the station
with some Black kid.
He works for Dwight now.
Well. how the fuck
did that happen?
He says he lived out here
and he ran into Dwight
when he showed up.
That sounds like bullshit.
He's making money. Dwight?
Yeah. he's doing
okay. He's got a bar.
His partner's in
a pot dispensary.
He's got a crew?
- Besides Armand?
- Yeah.
He gets his weed
from the Indians.
some cowboy runs the bar.
and the Black kid
drives him around.
It's like the fucking
Village People.
- Are you serious?
- Yeah. yeah.
And get this.
Pete. The titsoon?
He's wearing the
ring you gave Dwight.
- What?
- The pinky ring Dwight used to wear?
- The Black kid's wearing it.
- What. he gave it to him?
Unless somehow he got
the identical ring.
- But Dwight ain't wearing it.
- He wasn't wearing it in New York.
Pop. Pop. your voice.
Enough with my fucking voice.
- Just trying to help...
- Will you shut the fuck up?
Fine. Talk. Whatever.
What's his mood?
Honestly. Pete. I can't call it.
He's still hot about
the Nico situation
and now he's riled up
with the son-in-law
getting attacked.
Well. we had nothing
to do with that.
I'm just saying.
He's his own man out here.
That much is obvious.
He's not going to be
controllable for much longer.
- Who is it?
- Stacy.
Did you kill Carson Pike?
Come in. Don't be shy.
- I asked you a question.
- Are you drunk?
Answer the fucking question.
Who the fuck do you
think you're talking to?
His girlfriend was an
informant for the ATF.
- My informant.
- So?
I could arrest you right
now. you know that?
Well. what are you waiting for?
You think the
judge is gonna care
that Pike was a piece of shit?
This is Oklahoma. pal.
They'll fry your ass.
Exactly what do
you want from me?
I don't know. I
don't fucking know.
Look. I know you're upset
and everything. but...
You completely fucked my life.
- You realize that?
- I'm sorry. I didn't...
I don't believe that's true.
Hello?
Okay. who the fuck is this?
Hel...
You checking your email. love?
- You okay?
- Yeah.
Christ. I'm sorry. I didn't
mean to frighten you.
No. it's fine. I just...
Is there...
something you want to tell me?
Hey. come on.
Come on. can't be that bad.
Come on.
I was arrested...
about six months ago.
All right. I see. I see.
I'm sorry. I was so afraid.
Yeah. You know. you look...
quite fetching in this light.
You must have noticed that...
I've had my eye on
you for some time now.
- Mm-hmm.
- Yeah.
You need a man. love. to...
look out for you
and protect you.
No one knew that
better than Pike.
but. you know. alas.
- I could be your old lady.
- Yeah?
Take care of you.
anything you want.
I'd fancy that.
Really would.
What are you doing?
Are you gonna cut me?
Am I going to cut...
Cut you? No. no.
God. no. Heaven forbid.
It's all right. it's... hush.
There you go. okay.
First. we use the
curry comb. right?
To loosen the dirt.
dead skin. whatever.
After that. it's this.
The body brush.
Short circular strokes. you see?
Yeah. you like that. Pilot?
He does.
Here. Why don't you try?
I'll give it a shot.
- Somebody's up early.
- Yeah. I couldn't sleep.
- Good morning.
Do you mind giving us a second?
- I'm gonna go get coffee.
- Okay.
No better therapy than
taking care of an animal.
You saying I need therapy?
Well. if I'm wrong.
you'd be the first person
I ever met who didn't.
How long have you
had this place?
Uh. on my own? Eight years.
It was my husband's...
My ex-husband's
- before that.
- Ahh.
You know. you really
ought to ride this boy.
He really wants you to.
So. I was wondering if maybe...
I could buy you dinner tonight?
- Buy me dinner?
- Yeah.
Actually. that's occasionally
how we do it here
in the 21st century.
All right. then. Let's do it.
I gotta clear my
social calendar. but...
it can be done.
I will get your
number from Army...
- Or Armand and...
- Mm-hmm.
We'll make a plan.
Looking forward to it.
Me. too.
- Good morning.
- Hi. Is Roxy there?
I'm afraid she's not right now.
- Can I leave a message?
- I suppose you could.
But myself. I don't
see the point. really.
Who is this?
You dialed the number for hell.
Darling. who did you
think would answer?
- Morning. everybody.
- Mornin'. boss.
- How you doing. Fred?
- I'm good. sir.
Tired. I started
the night classes.
I'm proud of you.
- Bodhi around?
- He's in his office.
You look very nice today. Grace.
- You think?
- Definitely.
Yeah. Certainly do.
Ah. I see you. uh. you
got rid of the dreads.
Good man. My people
will thank you.
- There he is.
- Oh.
Hi.
- How you doing?
- Good.
Though I did notice that
the mountain of cash
that was in my safe
never found its way
into those duffel bags.
Yeah. I was going to
tell you about that.
I got an idea for
a new investment.
What are you looking
at me like that for?
You don't even know
what I'm gonna say.
You're right.
This could be any number
of harebrained schemes.
Go on.
Where do you get
the fucking balls?
Seriously. I put guys in
traction for saying less.
But I'm the golden
goose. Dwight.
You're not gonna hurt me.
Yeah. well. the golden
goose got whacked. pal.
Just saying. Want
to hear my idea?
- Yeah.
- Okay. Read the book.
We partner up. You
and me and Mitch.
We do renovations.
get some girls.
a little live music.
Put a casino in the back.
- A casino?
- Yeah.
- How's that going to work?
- Jimmy the Creek.
Put his name on the
license and run it
through the National
Indian Gaming Commission.
- How much does that cost?
- The license? Nothing.
Maybe a half a million
bucks to grease the wheels.
Half a million dollars?
Listen. it may take a
little while to get it.
but it's gonna be
fucking worth it.
Think about it. When
you own a casino.
you got a license
to print money.
A license to launder it. too.
There you go.
Dwight...
are you familiar with NFTs?
- Crypto?
- Yeah. I don't like it.
- Why not?
- Because you can't see 'em.
You can't touch 'em.
you can't feel 'em.
you can't put ketchup on 'em.
To me. they're not real.
They are very real.
even though you can't
pour ketchup on them.
- Do you buy Bitcoin?
- No.
I steal from other
people who buy Bitcoin.
Holy shit.
Is that real?
Did you really think you were
the only criminal in Tulsa?
I thought that was you.
Hey. Father.
- How you doing?
- Oh. fine.
We got the feast
coming up. so. busy.
How's your father?
Cancer's gone.
He's got the COPD.
- Uses the tank.
- Ah.
- I'm sorry.
- Yeah.
Better than an ankle bracelet.
Always a tether in life.
You know. since my mom
passed. he's like this...
he's like this boulder
that I just can't
get out from under.
The Lord doesn't give us more
than we can handle. Charles.
I don't know about that. Father.
I didn't want this. you know?
I wanted to join the army.
be a colonel. something.
I know he took
your college fund.
squandered it.
He took more than that.
Took my soul.
My degrees.
The safest road to hell
is the gradual one.
The funny thing is...
like. Adam and Eve.
he used an apple.
I was a little kid. we
were on Eldritch Street.
uh. where he grew up. and.
uh. there were these...
These push carts. these vendors.
and we would go there
to make his collections
and then he would
buy me an egg cream
on Avenue Way.
Anyway. there was this...
This fruit cart with
all these apples.
"Go ahead. take one.
You're a little kid.
They won't say nothing."
- And did they?
- No.
I wish they did.
I told my mother he
made me steal the apple
and she rode him for days.
Amelia. I'm sure.
He never forgave me.
Or he never forgave himself.
A man without conscience
can never forgive himself.
Because he doesn't think
he did anything wrong.
Thank you.
You hungry?
Yeah. they'll bring
me something later.
Hospital food? Come
on. there's a Junior's.
I'll go over and
grab you something.
- Slice of cheesecake?
- I'm good.
How do you feel about moving?
Tribeca?
- We talked about that.
- No. not Tribeca.
- Oklahoma.
- Have you lost your mind?
Why? Is that so crazy?
You own a business. Tina.
I work on Wall Street.
Yeah. there's banks in Tulsa.
There are bank
branches in Tulsa.
but not trading
departments. not arbitrage.
It's not safe here anymore.
Obviously.
I'm an unfortunate statistic.
but we move near
your gangster father?
That's your solution?
What?
It's just.
for the last seven years.
all I ever heard
about in counseling
is how he abandoned you.
now suddenly you want
to uproot our family
to be near him?
You're right.
We're gonna be
okay. I promise.
Don't get any in my eyes.
All right. just relax.
You know. I never got to
do this for my own dad.
He was a good man.
He wanted me to be a cop.
I broke his heart.
Why didn't you want that for me?
- Want what?
- A regular life.
Ah. you got it so bad.
Big beautiful house.
indoor pool. making
a fucking fortune.
Yeah. I know.
You know...
one day you're going to
be boss of this family.
Practically are already.
Sometimes it doesn't
feel that way.
What do you mean?
The way you talk to me.
Like I'm some
stupid fucking kid.
This bullshit. all
this complaining.
I'm sick and tired of
it. I'm fed up with it.
Bullshit.
You think...
Dwight's a better man than I am?
- What?
- Dwight.
It's what you said.
Enough of this Dwight bullshit.
Stata zit!
I wanna get out.
So... how long
were you married?
Um. nine years.
- Quite the learning experience.
- So. what did you learn?
Well. besides the fact
that my ex. Brian.
- is a lying sack of shit?
- Oh.
Um...
- Learned I never want to get married again.
- That bad. huh?
Even as an ex. he's a nightmare.
He has partial
interest in the ranch.
Oh. so his last name's Fennario.
No. Gillen.
Fennario. it comes from
a song called "Peggy O."
I heard it.
Grateful Dead did a version.
- Judy Collins.
- Bob Dylan.
I didn't know that one.
Yeah. it's a...
It's a mythical
place in Scotland.
Very smart. Impressive.
I think this is the part
where you're supposed
to talk about yourself.
I haven't done that
for a long time.
Ex-wife.
Daughter who. uh...
I've started to talk to.
got in touch with her again.
We were estranged
for a long time.
- Oh. well. that's nice.
- I think it's great.
She may not think so.
So. what do you
think of the veal?
What do I think of the veal?
It's good. it's very good.
Yeah. For Oklahoma.
No. no. not just
Oklahoma. it's...
Since we're being honest...
I was in prison for
a long. long time.
So. everything
tastes good to me.
Even this lemon
would taste good.
Aren't you going to ask
me what I went away for?
Uh. I figured for 20
bucks I could Google it
and save us both
the awkwardness.
Well. let me save you some time.
I killed a guy.
He was burning up in
a building. trapped.
I think I did him
a favor. I think.
Can I ask you a
personal question?
Sure.
What does it feel
like to kill someone?
Are you being serious?
Believe me. I've...
I've considered it.
You're a very unusual person.
More coffee. Jerry?
I'm good. hon. thank you.
How you holding up?
Fucking doctor. Told me
he was gonna be fine.
At least he didn't suffer. huh?
Anything I can do?
Yeah. you can help me
get this family back
on fucking track.
♪ To find that saving grace ♪
Goodie.
- Why are you still here?
- I was on my way to the train.
I got a call.
Pete had a heart attack.
♪ Over ground
that no one owns ♪
♪ Past statues that
atone for my sin ♪
Dead?
Sorry.
On every door ♪
And a drink on every floor ♪
Looks like the funeral's
gonna be Friday.
I won't be goin'. Just
thought you should know.
It's not gonna sit well.
but your call. obviously.
Yeah. it is.
♪ You keep running
for another place ♪
To find that saving grace ♪
It's important to learn
how to defend yourself.
Will you put this
fucking gun down?
I'm looking for some
evil-doing types.
I got a couple of
boys in the rodeo.
Take out the General? That's.
like. your dad's brother.
- And?
- He's a made man.
He's a fuckin' legend.
There's a war burning
on the streets
between the most vicious
biker gang in Tulsa
and a New York gangster.
I want Manfredi.
Get him into a jail cell.
Somewhere I can get to him.